##MOVIE REVIEW - SRIKANTH##


I never really knew there was a person called Mr Srikanth Bolla until I saw this movie and I feel you guys who are reading this to be in a similar situation. Not only was this movie entertaining, it was inspirational - something many of the movies that release these days never try to do - inspiring us to live better lives as a living persona in this really dramatic movie life makes us act in!
This biographical movie in HINDI seems to have captured the real essence to what determination, courage and tinge of support could do to anyone trying to accomplish something “hatke” (unique) from the normal ways a life can proceed. Directed by Tushar Hiranandani and Srikanth Bolla was acted by Rajkumar Rao. Other actors that gave the lead actor more life include Jyothika, Alaya F and Sharad Kelkar. 
Just take some time and imagine how your life would be if you were born without sight ? Could you have done half the things you have been able to do till now, or any of them actually? Those memories you made that bring a smile to your face or gross you out when you recall them, those people you met and warmed up to, those places you visited and wished to spend the rest of your life in : all that would have just been an arm reach away if it wasn’t covered by that dark veil that seemed to hover in front of your eyes rendering you, almost teasingly, the beauty that  life fills you with if it was perceived with your eyes! So shocking right! Being blind almost reduces the functionality of a person so much. Well, that’s what I think but it was definitely not something that Mr Srikanth thought. He was robbed of this precious gift since his birth but that never did stop him. He was bullied but that made him bolder. He CHOSE to fight his situation than to run away from them and his excuse was simple “How can I run? I am blind, all I can do is fight!” and fight he did. Won many of them too. He lived a life, and continues to do so ( Yes, he is still alive) not giving any hints that he has the inability to see. He studied hard, faced difficulties, fought them - won them, proceeded to study more, got called in by MIT, found love, played cricket, founded the BOLLANT company that is still growing and is its CEO, his business campaign capable of competing with the big sharks in the business industry.
And his life has been so beautifully put together in this movie, it would leave you teary and inspired for sure. He even made it to FORBES magazine under the title ‘30 under 30’. He is an interesting man with more interesting goals in life and beliefs that we all could try to adopt. This movie is not only inspirational but also educational - teaching us that people differently abled just don't need your sympathy or things you do out of that feeling of being sorry for them, Srikanth tells that sometimes all they need is people’s support and a little of their faith in them to do things what they can do without any doubt or discrimination.
It was a great watching experience, and gave a wholesome feel. IMDB rated it a 7.8/10 and rotten tomatoes gave it 4 stars but I believe it deserves everything and more! Great way to spend a few hours on a rough day that makes you feel drained and worthless and looking for some much needed motivation !